That's a fantastic poem.
It's absolutely amazing.
combat merit
Acacia and depression come alive.
I can't think of it.
The concubine is so eloquent
Qin Gongzi is talented
The correct verse is the most in line with the little girl's wishes
The first level of Qin Gongzi Sheng
Humph
Don't be too proud
There are three questions in total
It's not certain who will win or lose
Thank you for the affirmation of the world girl
Please ask the second question
I am in the House of the Red Dust with you wizards.
It's called this situation
Write a poem
I thought of it
Hongyan Jing is a strong face
The first-class light building through the ages
Hey, not bad, not bad.
Quite artistic
It is also in line with Miss Liu's proposition
This is drinking again
Hibiscus is not as good as beauty
Zhu Cuixiang came to the pavilion
Jade, okay, okay
Your two sentences are charming enough
I can't listen.
Let me teach you.